Restricting remote access based on IP (#3530)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: release-notes/Cloud/DCP_change_log.md

> [!NOTE]
> Many features on dataminer.services are dependent on DxMs. You can find the change logs for these under [DxM release notes](xref:DxM_RNs_index).

> #### TBD - Enhancement - Admin - New options to restrict remote access to web apps and/or user-defined APIs based on IP address

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### 9 August 2024- Enhancement - Admin - New options to restrict remote access to web apps and/or user-defined APIs based on IP address
```

> In the Admin app, it is now possible to restrict remote access to the web apps and/or user-defined APIs based on IP address. Previously, this was only possible for the DataMiner Cube desktop app.

Reviewer: Maybe add something so it's clear that it is scoped per DMS
